all this dirt is gonna be right here oh
my garden I'm gonna plant garlic right
there Wow cool to open up some of it up
so prison wolf I naked water and
spraying on my garden and my garden
whole control
what's control mean it means healthy Bob
healthy healthy by bogeys Wow cool so
now i have to get water from something
probably at the end of the hose over
there yes
I have to get the France church
we I want to get a sausage a sausage
plant I don't think they have sausage
plant sausage comes from meet who yummy
I'll get tomato you wow that sounds
yummy Oh strawberry get pumpkin oh nice
one well it sounds like a good garden
side rock
evidence on
huh
I'm trying to get worse i get strong
oman quick
and water yes a lot for my garden does
it looks like does it look like a word
all right now say hi grandma and grandpa
hi right wave